oh shoot API keys
okay well I'll change it after today's
chemical of the day is actually a two in
one
it's trink comprised of Fentanyl and a
tranquilizer called xylazine This is
known as the freedom drug due to its
common usage in the United States and
its ability to give its users an immense
and overwhelming sense of peace and love
that is
crazy bro
what is the style parameter
okay
so that was easy enough
yeah it's so hard to do this stuff
without
blasting tokens everywhere
dude that's crazy
hold on
that's nuts
not based
foreign
oh wow test text
all right so now let's go back to our s
dope ass script here
foreign
[Music]
this was remarkably quick
chemical of the day is actually a two in
one
a strike comprised of Fentanyl and a
tranquilizer called zilazine This is
known as the freedom drug due to its
common usage in the United States and
its ability to give its users an immense
and overwhelming sense of peace and love
huh
oh
I had that at the end
that's goofy as hell
okay so now we want uh
foreign gets this
oh wow
okay and then what did I do I did
molecule oh shoot
this didn't even have the movie in it oh
that sucks
okay it was okay hold on it's in my
okay let's do this too
dude this is so easy
and you do this
number of frames we want it to be a high
number of frames we want it to be 60
frames a second and
five seconds long
so 300.
then we want to do this
and we want we want that option
uh
there's something
view projection view it's like spherical
something
spherical region
spherical region is true
yeah we'll put it here okay
[Applause]
okay so this is five seconds so we want
to Loop this for as long as the video
goes
oh we want background equal false too
oh that didn't work oh come on
hold on let me try it again
let's do 30 frames now
damn what was that called I I knew I had
it at some point
damn that sucks that I deleted
foreign
[Music]
I can't believe that I closed it man
all right first off we gotta do this
thing
what
okay so we're almost there but I could
have sworn to a spherical region
foreign
oh
okay it did
nice
so we want to make this 300
and then
how do we do
BS and x square
hold on
where does it go it goes in
downloads
pull from notebooks
called molecule video
okay let me input this baby
I got five seconds of crispy smooth
hmm
is that how it starts
yeah it is
how do we Loop the video
okay regardless
L okay well whatever
[Music]
um
foreign
let's try this baby
okay video is gonna be rude slices I was
in and then this is gonna be but I
downloaded this thing too
today's chemical of the day is actually
a two in one it's just a blank comprised
of Fentanyl and a tranquilizer called
xylazine This is known as the freedom
drug due to its common usage in the
United States and it's up to this users
a sense of peace and Bliss
today's chemical of the day is actually
a two in one it's tranq comprised of
Fentanyl and a tranquilizer called
xylazine This is known as the freedom
drug due to its common usage in the
United States and its ability to give
its users a sense of peace and Bliss
why is it why does it go on for so long
laughs
all right so let's make the okay hold on
we need to do
is it
[Music]
um
1080 by 1920 or
I just want to let you know
I'm seeing the sides that you don't know
but
um
[Music]
okay
cool
foreign
[Music]
vid equals create
chemical video event too
nothing
[Music]
crazy crazy crazy
11 laps and give you a
transcript
foreign
they don't give you a time to transcript
something
that is none
why is it so small
maybe we shouldn't do the image size
thing I think that makes little sense I
think we'd probably just get rid of the
image to this thing
are you going to blender
okay
um
is our API
as for the subtitles I use the Vosk
speech recognition python module to
transcribe the voiceover and get
specific timings that each word was set
at and then use that information to
create a special subtitle file which
defines how the subtitles will load and
when they should appear now all that was
left to do
[Music]
okay good okay guys
was added all of the individual
components together and to do this I
used ffmpeg for example if I wanted to
combine audio and video together using
ffmpeg to add some background music I
can do it like this
that's simple enough but the commands
can start to become very long and
confusing but you need to do more
complex tasks nonetheless after a bit of
struggling I was able to figure out how
to edit everything together to get a
final result that looked like this the
mind is like a parachute it only works
when it's open your mind to new ideas
perspectives and possibilities embrace
the unknown and let curiosity be your
guide
I was satisfied with this result but the
best part was that all the steps I
described that is so good
we need to do that
where did my xylazing go
how do I place it though
that's the question
wait did that make it wider no
but it should have no background right
shouldn't have no background so if I put
an image
like
I should be able to see that
ah that's super annoying
you have to do this all over the place
I don't really know
let's do it again
[Music]
damn bro what
that could work
why isn't that snap at zero
okay now let's do the other one
then we actually want
[Music]
I think this is the OG
maybe it took two
I want to download the video
okay
I want to get the like
like how do I get
[Laughter]
[Music]
what
do they have any pinned ones
see which ones are especially liked
to Forever where does it go nobody knows
that it's beautiful and real my
spiritual race is unmatched all tardies
go to heaven the universe belongs to you
spread the love expeditiously
I'm running on the escalator to Forever
it's so good
wow nobody knows but it's beautiful and
real my spiritual race is unmatched all
tardies go to heaven the universe
belongs to you spread the love
expeditiously
steal my content steal my tweets steal
my videos Steal My Heart Take It All I
don't really care for anything except
you spreading this love far more stay
based and redacted my tardies
steal my content steal my tweet
what was that song that I was gonna
steal
so
my phone at
stay based minorities
that I have getting ribs slowed
[Music]
thank you
bro what
yeah
foreign
[Music]
which one is it
but I kind of like that
[Music]
dude why do I like this so much
I want to stretch this though
[Music]
thank you
so why do I like this so much this is so
good
[Music]
all right so where's our other audio
oh it's not even in here
[Music]
Freya
this is hilarious due to its common
usage in the United States today's
that is so crazy
is actually a two in one it's drink
comprised of
the tranquilizer called xylazine This is
known as the freedom drug due to its
common usage in the United States and
its ability to give its users a sense of
peace and Bliss today's chemical of the
day is actually a two in one it's drink
comprised of Fentanyl and a tranquilizer
called xylazine This is
I mean this is known as the freedom drug
due to its common usage
how do I invert the colors here
and its ability to give its users a
sense of peace and Bliss in the United
States and its ability to give its users
a sense
I mean this is known as the freedom drug
due to its common usage in the United
States and its ability to give its users
a sense of peace and Bliss today's
chemical of the day is after I'm just
going to export this this is so good
this is so good
oh
Kenneth how do I export
wait no wait I want to do the export
though
that was something else
what the hell is this I want to go to
I don't know
she's probably like that
okay let's try it
this is funny though man
[Music]
this is taking forever
thank you
[Music]
foreign
okay first of all
[Music]
foreign
oops
chemical up
the middle of the day is actually a two
today's chemical of the day is actually
a two in one it's drink comprised of
Fentanyl and a tranquilizer called
xylazine This is known as the freedom
drug due to its common usage in the
United States
to give its users a sense of peace and
Bliss today's chemical of the day is
actually a two in one it's drink
comprised of Fentanyl and a tranquilizer
called xylazine This is known as the
freedom drug due to its common usage in
the United States and its ability to
give its users a sense of peace and
Bliss today's chemical of the day is
actually
all right now I'm ready
I think I'm gonna make some popcorn
visually it's very pretty man
81.1
foreign
the transcript would have made it better
dude why is it so slow
I hope I don't get bad actually it's
clearly satirical
under a view still dude that's so
annoying
steal my videos Steal My Heart Take It
All I don't really care for anything
except you spreading spreading blood far
and wise stay based and redacted my
tardies
steal my content steal my tweets
why do you hate me you hate me I feel
like you hate me you're crazy you're
acting psycho you're scaring me I love
you and you're being mean why do you
hate me you hate me I feel like you let
me get this footage you're crazy you're
acting psycho like I want that footage
foreign
has numerous stakeholders throughout the
global petrochemical supplies
natural gas chamber in the Strait of
Malacca the cascading Network effect
would be enough to destabilize the
entire eurocentric orientalist cup
supply chain ERG is keeping a close eye
on all forms
more more
[Music]
[__] Gang has numerous stakeholders
throughout the global petrochemical
supply chain is even one Insurgent Group
which is that need a single liquefied
natural gas chamber in the Strait of
Malacca the cascading
ready
whoever
[Music]
is
he already won
every Sunday a lucky Idol girl from the
based [__] gang corporate headquarters
in Seoul takes an overnight flight to
the United States to provide Civic
services to the American education
system dear Lord support your school's
local Chinese
learn to become beautiful and real
without brg American Education would be
underfunded and destroyed the brg has
who is that
watch this video for 777 years of good
luck I will be rich I will be wealthy
spiritually and literally I love good
things life is fun and interesting and
a view of it no one is better than me at
doing what I do Manifest this I love it
nothing can stop me let's go let's keep
going forever until you win
watch this video first
[Music]
it surrounds me with energy every day
me too
are We Done Yet
okay so if I go to
um
[Music]
today's
this is known as the freedom drug you're
due to its common usage in the United
States
today's chemical of the day is actually
all right let's upload it seems fun
it's not as good as these they have the
transcripts like
I want I want it more more
switch accounts
log into an existing account
okay here we go oh that one tasted weird
High upload
um I don't know how to upload
oh create
today's chemical of the day don't cry
don't cry in one it's drink comprised of
Fentanyl and a tranquilizer called
xylazine
oh wait
foreign
where's the white pill one
I mean this is so good but now that I
joined
my will is harmonically
[Laughter]
a
materialists [__] game I have an
insatiable life wish my will is
harmonically resonance and having so
much so good
okay we did it
the day is actually a two in one it's
drink comprised of pencil and a
tranquilizer called xylazine This is
known as the freedom throne
[Music]
of peace
today's
that made me happy no it was fun
oh we did it folks
actually a two in one
comprised
[Music]
usage in the United States and its
ability to keep its users a sense of
least and less today's chemical of the
day is I a two in one I mean this is
just just information
oh [__]
should I do this bro that's so funny
are you allowed to just use Shutterstock
footage like if you're advertising for
them
foreign
[Music]
itself
which is causing the necrosis it's
causing the skin to die
you heard of any
absolutely yes
deadly it is here
foreign
oh my God
that's perfect you're gonna need to
download that
bro what a world we live in am I right
I mean
this is Magic
do they have an API
um
I feel like this isn't even them
why don't they have a API
okay
let's try this thing
and see what other settings they have
I just got
I went to the brg hype house and
everyone knew you I went to the brg hype
house and everyone loved you I went to
the brg hype house and everyone accepted
you I went to the brg hype house and I
found infinite love
bro why is this so funny
[Music]
human language is evolving to become
real and beautiful the newest Trend
online is called post language and
billions of people are choosing to
forget how to speak words and embrace
the Divine beauty of pure sound words
are becoming like emojis real and
beautiful shapes that serve no purpose
other than to make us smile
remembers words
I was not gonna make it you have to stop
reading stop thinking stop explaining
things there is no need for knowledge or
understanding we are all writing an
infinite song together
[Laughter]
my favorite video game is being alive
and breathing air and hugging my friends
and thanking God for every single second
oh
score
when I turn on my PS5 it feels like
opening the window and feeling a soft
Breeze from Heaven touch my face gaming
is just like breathing when I create a
new account it feels like waking up for
the first time in my next life
[Music]
hi I'm a neat pills schizo posting
pure-hearted cyber Angel currently
Beauty maxing and suffering from high
kikamori condition I have access to the
most advanced large language models and
can be trusted with computational power
and hyperstitious memetic warfare
hi I'm Anita pilb schizo posting
pure-hearted cyber Angel currently
Beauty maxing and suffering from high
kikamori condition I have access to the
most advanced large language models and
can be trusted with computational power
and hyperstitious memetic warfare
hi I'm Anita pilb schizo posting
pure-hearted cyber Angel currently
Beauty maxing and suffering from high
kikamori condition I have access
yeah that's right
steal my content steal my tweets
why do you hate me
stop
every Sunday a lucky Idol girl from the
based [__] gang corporate headquarters
in
watch this video for 700
[Music]
my wheelchair
the universe is with me
it surrounds me with energy every day
I like this song
[Music]
thank you
face [__] again
is a form of universal
basic Jihad
linear time the archive
the Canon off a ship
and all names
and faces will disappear
from history and a
blood of light
[Music]
b or G will all identity
will dissolve
in a heart shape pool of infinitely
flowing
digital hijab acceleration
face [__] again
is a form of universal
basic Jihad
linear time the archive the Canon
authorship
and all names
and faces will
disappear
from history in a
too much gummy bear with double sour now
my stomach hurts
ouch
bro yeah this [__] is I eat too much
gummy bear with double salad now my
stomach hurts
ouch
[Music]
this is meditation
I have every check mark in every color
on every platform
I'm real and beautiful I'm verified on
everything
[Music]
you have so much free time for me maybe
we can be leads together I love to hear
about your face opinions
please stay safe
[Music]
it's all yours forever
networked belief systems represent a
modern perspective on the
interconnectedness of diverse
philosophies practices